# NYC-Des Moines Citi Bike Analysis 
This project involved using Tableau to crreate and view relations between population density, McDonald's, and CitiBike usage.
## Results
As can be seen in the [Tableau Story](https://public.tableau.com/profile/aarian.moogat#!/vizhome/bikesharing_15921880457480/Story1), there is a large difference in scale between Des Moines and NYC. While the population density per zip code is rather similar, the population density per square mile is disparate.
### Population Density
It should be noted that population density turned out to be a rather untelling indicative metric for citi bike success, though such a statement is verging on spurious without in-depth further analysis. We can see that within NYC, citibike usage is marginally higher in more densely populated areas (scroll out in the first slide of the story).
### McDonalds
I focused on a two fold interpretation of citibike success in relation to McDonald's: 'Is the number of McDonald's in a city proportionate to population density and/or citibike usage in that city?' as well as, 'Is the relative number of McDonald's in Des Moines vs NYC telling of a venture's success in a sparsely populated area?' Doing further research into the nature of these questions would likely be crucial to the interpretation of my graphs. I personally took the data as a negative indicator for correlation between # of McDonalds and population density (and tangentially citibike success, assuming dependence/correlation). However, I ultimately drew that this venture's outcome is logically indeterminate from this data until there is proven correlation between the fast food and fitness industries.
